something a little bit different today
on topid casts we're going to be
watching Jones and his hi Tyrant on
green too jungle
Redux a really big map to be playing The
Hive Tyrant good for nids but the PO
Hive tyrant's got a lot of trekking
around to do with his big ass body and
he's going to be facing off against
floor with the adversary assassin the
assassin could be very nice on this map
running around the sidelines with a lot
of speed bleeding isolated squads and
then charging in out of nowhere and
using a bio meltdown to swing a key
engagement but generally I think the AO
malas are going to really struggle
against the speed of the nids especially
given that Flo right now sorry not FL
Jones is running the triple
hogon
IST are probably going to need to blob
with the hero for
capping if they're isolated they're
going to get caught by hormas and dealt
with super easily they are speed 5.5 but
speed 6.5
harmers are going to be a problem 6.25
by default
6.5 with the adrenal
glands the strikes are nice because if
they're One V oneing Hons it's easy but
the tyranid player can mentally keep
track of where where the strike Squad
are at and just note that two hant will
be able to deal with one strike Squad
easy
enough so that's the kind of macro play
that you want to be doing from the
tyranid
perspective you can tank a little bit
with your hi tant but as you can see
there when he's fighting the enemy hero
and strike at the same time he doesn't
really get too much done not by default
and this is going to be a problem for
the hi Taran he's really slow he's not
going to be able to keep up with his
harmers so he's not going to put out the
basic synapse that he normally would and
I guess that's why Jones has opted for a
fourth gaun going for one termagant
which is kind of weird but I guess it
gives him some damage from a range to
focus down the EA but you know one
ranged unit generally not enough to deal
with a melee hero even a squishy one
like the EA so we'll
see strike Squad is going to have to be
really defensive here rotating back to
the Gen Farm FL did opt for double gens
at the start so yeah he's going to have
to play a really tight game he's
obviously going to lose out on map
control early on but when things get to
tier two when he can get his justic car
and his strike Squad when he can get a
Razer back out when he can get his
neurotoxin claw or whatever the hell
that thing's called in tier 2 that does
all the power melee DPS then he's going
to have some really good options but
right now these gauns are just going to
be brutal there's too many of them
they're so
fast but he will have to do a certain
amount of Ava fights because he has to
defend his gen farm and and as long as
the half T is present for those Ava
fights Jones should have a pretty good
go with it but he's still pretty split
split up right now pation are in
play purged by fire will do a decent
amount of damage to the hi Tyrant there
and is slowing him down strik Squad get
a beautiful special attack doing about a
third of the HP of the hon instantly but
one of the great things about the hive
tant is you can't suppress him so he's
going to go in and tie up those pation
he thought about rotating there to help
the harmers against the strike Squad cuz
this is a bit of a dubious fight yeah I
was going to say they are low on HP but
they've still got all their models and
there's an Avers assassin in there as
well that is a lot of potentially very
high damage special
attacks and so the second homon is
defeated as well you've really got to
blob the two horants up together and use
them simultaneously against the strike
Squad if you do that the sheer damage of
having 16 hogon models fighting will
absolutely annihilate the strike Squad
trust me but if you send them in
consecutive like that one by one well
it's a lot
easier it's a lot easier for the strikes
anyway PG moving forward trying to put a
bit of pressure on but I don't think
they're going to be able to get this
power n not with two HS out here ter
against in the back as
well yeah they can only really suppress
one of the homun at a
time and this is the tricky thing for
the OM you know they get the Decap there
they've got to back off they don't don't
want their isolated strike Squad
fighting free squads of gauns and they
don't want to lose their gen Farm which
they already had some horag that
decapped it oh my gosh the good thing is
all these commitments from the Hons
equals XP for the grey Knights and as I
say if they can not lose too much in
tier one in terms of buff power and
VPS things will change as the game goes
on and the grite units get stronger IST
did rotate to this side and a capping up
over here they're doing an okay job
be interesting to see if this is all
that Flo purchases in tier one I'm going
to assume it
is he probably won't have wanted so many
um gens if he intended to get more units
in tier one but we'll see this is a bit
awkward with a hi T being here this is
not really a good fight for the strike
Squad hi T DPS is pretty incredible it's
the highest of any basic hero if you do
stand and trade against him it's kind of
pin but Jon's not committing with his
full Army really for these bashes which
I think is a bit of a mistake looks like
a hyper metabolism there also sin Skin
Body Glove yeah look how tanky he is
with his hyper
metabolism giving him big HP regen but
Jones could have had the termagant
firing in on this guy the whole time
which he obviously should have
hyper metabolism does wear off but yeah
it did its job he stalled forced off the
other hmer Squad now the strike s back
out hi turn needs to get out of
there and isolated ter a going to
achieve too
much looks like I did get caught out a
little bit by the homers little micro
mistake yeah lost two models not a big
deal and the homers are now on this
power no I mean this is what we expect
it is really just a game of running
around trying to mitigate losses the
good thing for Flo is that there's no
Warriors here so the scaling of this
build from Jones is pretty limited to be
honest I mean without a doubt fl's units
scale way
better Victory point is being retaken I
mean as soon as these guys basically get
their justic carard they're going to be
able to free1 any of the squads of
Jones now Jones obviously needs to get
some some squads of on out he needs to
get jean Steelers probably but yeah he
needs to get um he's not going to be
able to get jean Steelers out cuz he'd
need Mel ups with them as well and he's
he's not got any
Warriors so because of that he's
probably going to have to opt for tyrant
guards instead but this is such a big
map I don't like tar guards on it it's a
really big map you now going to have to
contend with the
Rhino so that means he's going to have
to get a Venom brood unless Flo really
messes up his micro and he gets caught
by a Venom Canon Hive tant
but yeah well that's not going to happen
because we're going for crushing claws
which more than doubles his DPS and also
gives him heavy
melee
however catching a a razor
back with a hi T would be quite
ridiculous but yeah these things hurt
man yikes both of the melee Heroes going
for their melee weapons damn nuro
gauntlet
going to focus on killing the Infantry
first doesn't want to duwel with a
crushing claw Hive
tant but here's the Razer back so
there's also a Venom
brood obviously the Venom R being
infantry are slower than the Razer back
but they can
Zone can Zone better than a
Zone bit of a misplay there driving the
Razer back way too far forward and
obviously not knowing there's a Venom
brud
there
wow yikes a little bit of RNG there
obviously only 50% far on the move from
the Venom brood if they got a little bit
luckier two more shots hit that would
have been it dead Razer back but he
didn't get it and that sort of surprise
factor is probably the best opportunity
you have to get it we'll see
he's G for double Venom
brood I mean the cool thing about these
is when they do kill the Razer back you
can give them death spits and they'll be
pretty [__] good actually against the
OM but the problem is you need to kill
the the Razer back first that's easier
said than
done though it's not been
given any repairs which is questionable
at best I mean he knows there's only
terminats over here but this is very B
rippers do snare if they can bite this
thing and they're getting a couple of
nibbles
in then brw hot in Pursuit but I don't
think they're going to catch it here
getting stalled by the energy burst the
strike Squad there and now they've got
an EA on their ass and a strike Squad I
mean they can still fire on the move if
they push forward through it wow they're
going to die to sidearm fire oh my God
they get out on one HP
unbelievable rippers are on it venu just
need to stop moving now just yeah stay
still and get guaranteed hits there you
go kill the Razer back wow all so they
lost two models on the Venom brood they
lost seven models on the termagant and
they called in some rippers which are
quite weakened but they destroyed a
Razer back that is well worth it well
worth it now one of these Venom brds
because this one didn't die honestly you
could just reinforce this with maybe one
more model and run around and just use
it for capping and give this one a death
spitter and then if a vehicle does come
out later you can put another model on
it but Des spits are actually amazing
versus AO malas they do Inferno damage
so they're good against all Targets they
will kill IST really fast they do very
good damage against the actual gry
Knights and they kill commanders very
fast so they're really nice as long as
you can somehow take out the Razer back
which he's done and it's a really good
map for the Razer back I have to say Flo
micro of it there was not
ideal it's pretty po to be honest I
don't know why
he risked moving it forward to hunt some
turant prior to getting any repairs that
was actually mental he seen that Venom
brood were in play and he hadn't forced
them off
so I don't know man I don't know what he
was
thinking H's here yeah easily easily get
the
kill very late to retreat there with the
IST I mean Flo going in tier three right
now not sure what the plan is purchase
Terminators and kill everything with
Terminators I guess I guess that's the
plan I mean the vmer Razer back is also
very good but currently you have two
Venom
brood yeah Jones didn't even bother to
get the death spitters on them and he's
going to three
so I'm not sure man he at this point you
probably do want to just wait to see
what Flo's going to get it's obvious
Flo's gone tier three cuz he's literally
only purchased the Razer back and the
sge on the
well they just to car on the strike
Squad and this neur Gauntlet it's not
really a very heavy tier
two so you just wait to see what they
get right if they go for vmer Razer back
then you just keep them with Venom
cannons and if they drop Terminators
well you can go double death
spits whilst you save up for your own
[Music]
cars hi T causing some pretty major
problems right now without the Razer
back to do the range DPS and losing the
IST yeah there's really not much he can
do to kill this damn thing doesn't even
have an armor on it and he's way too
tanky right
now strike Squad are going to Brave
it I mean they do hurt
him they just take a lot in return as
well okay went btim okay have needs to
leave yeah that Avers assassin
does a lot of damage man and he actually
kills the hi tant yikes I'm not sure
what the Rippers are trying to do
here kind of just throws them away for
not a lot of
reason you can see if the vorta just
mindlessly walks into the the Venom
brood it doesn't trade very
well but I mean that was again another
really big misplay by Flo he's not
keeping track in his head of where the
Venom brood are and if he wasn't sure he
should shouldn't be leading with the
voler especially given he had no repairs
so now he has to be super careful with
this thing cuz it's lost so much
HP because he can't get any repairs now
we should see ah the second Venom brw
just got fast off so right now there's
nothing to kill me until the other Venom
gets out of base and it's obvious it
won't have got out of Base that quick so
you can shoot it off down this side and
clear this side of the map for something
to cap like the EA cuz you know I just
fored off one of the Venom brood they'll
be coming back out of the base
if my opponent bothers my gr them and I
just for off the second Venom brute down
here so you know you're safe for a bit
whereas before when he just yeed that
thing into the middle VP he didn't know
that so Flo's not really thinking about
these things right now and it's it's
making him suffer quite a lot it's why
he's down to 87 VPS which is not ideal
but yeah strike squad over here now are
going to be a pain it should be very
hard to lose this point just keep your
strike Squad near it it's going to take
three or four squads to force
off or at least the hive T to come
back and we got a nice S Cannon there in
the middle for the
purgation I think that's a pretty good
purchase at this stage of the
game just lock down that
area add a nice amount of range PS that
will contribute alongside the vorta and
it also is soft AV against the carif
effects which is going to be relevant
soon strike Squad committing very hard
there to cap the point I'm not really
sure why taking all that damage on it is
not
great they need to get out of there
they're too low HP I mean they get a
beautiful special attack right there but
they're very very low yeah not worth it
man should just retreated instantly they
got some damage there on the homers But
ultimately not forcing them off that's a
problem friend on Avers assassin is
going to go into melee here with the
Venom
brood but it's got a counter effect chop
in him and that's pretty
painful he does get out alive not sure
what the hommers are doing right
now well they're getting melted by a
vosa Razer back and yes the pation
aren't that weak in
melee those secondary crew members do
have hals after all setting up once
again trying to Force off the Venom
brood they're getting some good damage
onto it though [__] hell how have
they not lost another model what the
hell
okay see what the con effects can do
this is just a default con effects not F
back no splash might have killed it if
it was a farm
back maybe well certainly he would have
had a charge to run it over and Retreat
which would have killed it but it's not
that big of a
deal but Mele Farm back now isolated
against the V is not a good time
obviously the V doesn't know if he's
upgrading to the Venom cannon that's the
scary thing if he pulls out a Venom
Cannon the V would be
dead [__] hell those teras came very
close to dying there to Decap that
point oh tan formation is that going to
get the kill oh it did [__] hell you
don't see that every day tan formation
killing the tank I mean again that was a
slow reaction from Flo there's no doubt
about it you can definitely Dodge that
but he
didn't and he suffered for it h needs to
stop capping turn around and just kill
this
pest yeah really slow reaction from
Jones there took a lot of damage on his
Hy t for not a whole lot of purpose and
now the purgation are probably going to
force him off before the counters can
tie him up oh
dear yep they got to retreat The Hive
tant so they don't get to cap the middle
pation done their job see you
if only he turned around with his hi
tant sooner that wouldn't have happened
he would have had enough HP on the hi
tant to be able to finish the cap so it
is going to be Terminators now Flo's
like yep tried the voler didn't work
Terminators you want to save the day but
honestly Jones is fine he hasn't even
moved these Venom brood out of base for
ages just to go double death spitters
now you're chilling and then you
can do what you like really he's going
to have enough resources for a second
canoun effect soon so he can make that
first one a farm
back go double death spitters and then
get another um canif effect and give it
a Venom brood and then his composition
honestly is perfect pick up the bonded
exoskeleton on the hive tant to make him
wi more
tanky you're done you're
done okay well I mean I spoke too soon
there's already a vodom or Raz back
coming out for Flo [__] me man these
things are so cheap it is absurd they're
way too cheap there is no reason for
them to be as cheap as a a looted tank
it's really
Dum cuz yeah in spite of all the
pressure FL has managed to keep these
two gens which I'm honestly kind of
surprised
about he sees the
Terminators he is going for a second
counter effect effect so normally you
get the neopor counter Terminators but
this is such a large map that neuro is a
little bit questionable he's better on
sort of smaller bobia
Maps I think this build's good get
double death spitters and uh melee can
affects Venom Cannon can affects the
Venom Cannon chases and zones out the
btim
Razorback if he had bonded extra
Skeleton on the hi tant he could
definitely take on the friends on EA but
right now he's got too many Dr and
damage Buffs
melee carif effect gets a good special
attack
there now he's got Mele
resist yeah this is bad though he needs
to get out of there the couns the V is
going to chase him and this thing's got
wheels on
tracks second carif effect on Route nice
flank there by the Venoms
but the Terminator zoning pretty
beautifully no upgrade coming out yet on
the second car
effects he's bleeding a lot though with
these
Venoms oh he does get a Terminator
though with the car effects wow is he
going to lose the Venoms oh my God so
close so incredibly close
but not
quite there comes the Venom
Cannon half T in the middle Venom Cannon
should be able to get it here it's got
such high range stop chasing a shoe he's
taking too long the Razer back's driving
away shoot no he shoots the Terminators
oh my God Jones what are you doing if
the vmer can shoot you you can
definitely shoot it the Venom Cannon has
higher
range we have to then atim a Razer back
he winds up the bioplasma but he pussied
out and now it's too late the EA can
just go into
melee oh he gets hit anyway with the
bioplasma into the double tap but there
is perg shooting you in the face you
need to meley them Jones Jones he loses
to a melter bomb from the Avers
assassin oh my
God the Avers assassin's going to kill
him here isn't he he's going to slice
him up on friend on even the power melee
damage is too much this guy just does so
much
damage [__] hell no melee resists on
the cars bang slain by an Avers
assassin oh oh dear that's not good for
Jones now he gets the death spitters
bro that is way too late holy [__] why
did you not have these ages ago
no easy
target we are losing oh man I really
feel like they' been so good ages
ago now we can see the death SPS out
putting some real damage onto the
strikes level four
remember but yeah it's a a little bit a
little bit late it
feels I don't know why he hasn't got
bonded
exoskeleton such a cost effective
upgrade you might as well get it 7
Seconds of immunity to damage that's so
good you know when this little [__]
gnat is hacking away at you when you're
trying to cap a VP 7 Seconds of immunity
and more max HP
and more HP
regen yeah I mean the canif effects
committed way too deep
and there was some there was he as soon
as he got the Venom Cannon over here he
needed to just press s to stop the
canoun ofix moving and he would have
double tapped the razor back and killed
it and then he just messed around over
here losing a farb back canoun effects
to an Avers assassin is pretty
insane I know it was the melter bomb
which presumably has its damage buffed
by the friend on but still
oh the scyon which I one Pyon this just
grants damage resistance not a damage
B oh nice levitate there from the grite
Terminators yikes yikes yikes yikes and
now they are hacking away with those
power melee
hirs sa Canon just outputting crazy
damage in the back lines there and here
we go again is this looking like deja vu
okay he actually did get the bonded EXO
skeleton there you go see look at that
look at that just allows him to finish
and get the cap then he's going to have
to leg it triple grite Terminators and a
friend on a a is going to do a lot of
damage and another V coming up and I
think that's probably going to seal the
deal and get Flo the win because there's
no AV now he's gone double death
spitters and he's lost his C effects
so he's not going to be able to deal
with it level four strike Squad are prob
them as expected they always are in the
matchup I
mean if the Grey Knight survive tier one
their units skill very well in this
matchup of our so they can make some
beautiful comebacks but it's not really
a comeback because it's expected that
they'd be behind in tier one that's just
how the match up
works but it looks really bad for
them then all of a sudden they're doing
fine
caught again by the
levitation yeah Jones my Crow not quite
on it
here and an obit of bombardment going to
annihilate his
g
h oh
well he tried he tried he tried
[Music]
alien are they really going to C while
the hon nibbling on him just kill him
it'll take like a
second you might as well just kill
him too busy watching this bonded extra
skeleton High T Bas
R yeah really good warar that one
amazing utility on it wait 9 seconds is
it really 9 seconds or is that a t tip
mistake 9 seconds sounds
insane I thought it was 7 Seconds anyway
whatever it's a hell of a long time to
be invulnerable in Don too that's for
sure there you go folks a bit of a
different one here on green tooth jungle
Redux definitely not a map you see every
day definitely a very strong map for the
tyranids but uh not strong enough today
cuz Flo takes it that is going to be all
from your boy top at this time I am
signing out peace
la
[Music]